Moving FAQ updating account preference (#3328)
galaxyproject/training-material: faqs/galaxy/updating_account_preferences.md

---
title: How to update account preferences?
area: Account
layout: faq
box_type: tip
contributors: [jennaj, bernandez]
---

> 1 Log into your existing account and update the email address under User > Preferences. DO NOT create another new account or it will be detected as a duplicate account. Any use of multiple accounts can result in data loss. FAQ: Reset password or Change email, username, password.

Reviewer: > FAQ: Reset password or Change email, username, password.

shouldn't this be a link?

> 2 If you instead want to start over with a new account, delete your old account(s) first under User > Preferences, then create a new account.

Reviewer: Like in the other PR, please play attention to the `.` in the numbered list

> Note: Updating a registered account email address will not prevent ongoing multiple/duplicate account detection. If you have more than one, existing or new or older, review below about how to clear that up. Use just one account and problems are avoided. Share data, not accounts.

Author: Hi @beatrizserrano I just added the review. kindly have a look at it and give me your feedback. Thanks

---
title: How to update account preferences?
area: Account
layout: faq
box_type: tip
contributors: [jennaj, bernandez]
---

1. Log into your existing account and update the email address under **User > Preferences**. DO NOT create another new account or it will be detected as a duplicate account. Any use of multiple accounts can result in data loss.

2. If you instead want to start over with a new account, delete your old account(s) first under User > Preferences, then create a new account.

> Note: Updating a registered account email address will not prevent ongoing multiple/duplicate account detection.If you have more than one, existing or new or older, review below about how to clear that up. Use just one account and problems are avoided. Share data, not accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Updating a registered account email address will not prevent multiple/duplicate account detection. If you have more than one, existing or new or older, review below about how to clear that up. Use just one account to avoid problems. Share data, not accounts.
```

> * [Manage your own data](/support/account-quotas/) and delete old/extra accounts under *User > Preferences*.

Reviewer: wasn't here a faq about this?

Reviewer 2: Definitely avoid duplication of content. Thanks.

Author: Hi @annefou i removed the area of duplication. What do you think of the updates that were made?
